>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, so
I'm gonna copy this into our AST Explorer
and take our test cases, and
also bring those into AST Explorer.
And to simplify my life a little bit
I'm just comment out everything for
the one that we want, for right now.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
that way we only go through stuff once.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
here we go, let's go ahead and
look at the, yeah, Dane.
This would take a while for
me to write up and
I don't think that you would get a whole
lot more out of it to watch me do it.
So I'm gonna just take you through
the finished code, that's all right?
Okay, also I think our brains are fried,
so I think we'll be okay.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
this is what we've got going on.
In our call expression, now this looks
like is much simpler we can probably
just do away with the looks like entirely
and just do path.node.callee.name is $.
And the reason for that is because
this code is using dollar and
we wanna catch those, as well.
That we wanna be able to
hang onto those references.
And so if it's not using dollar
sign then we don't care.
It could be a call to any other function.
And then we can check if it's
a supported jQuery function call.
So for our other cases where,
like for this case for example,
like this we can still do right now.
We don't have to wait until the program
exists or anything like that.
And so if it's not a supported
jQuery function call,
which is just doing the rest of
our like thing that we had before,
so if it's not, then we'll see,
okay, is this a variable declator?
Is this part of a variable declaration?
If it is,
then I'm going to keep track of this path.
Now with our ESLint plug in,
we did things differently.
We created a variable up here at
the top to keep track of everything,
and the reason that we can't
do that here is because
the way that Babel works
as far as the API goes.
If I were to do const myCollection as
an array and just add stuff to that, then
every file that this plugin runs across is
going to have nodes added to this list.
Things aren't scoped to the file,
whereas with ESLint
you're doing module.exports an object, and
you have a create(context), and
this function is called for every file.
And so you can have stuff scoped down,
collection,
down to this function, and
that's new for every single file.
But we can't do that with
the API that Babel gives us, and
that's okay though because one of
the things that Babel will give us.
I'm sorry, one other thing.
One other difference that's useful
is Program.exit was what you had to do for
ESLint.
And for Babel, it's actually,
I think this is a little bit nicer.
If you want to be specific about enter or
exit, then you can make it an object and
have it enter or exit.
So by default, it'll be enter, but
if you make it an object you
can specify which one you want.
And so on the enter, we're going to set
assignedJQueryEls to a new set
that we can add stuff into.
And so we get a bunch of like kinda
contextual information like some
options and stuff like that as a second
argument to all of our visitors, and
file's one of those things and
you can set things on the file.
So that way,
things are scoped to the file.
So down here, if it's not a supported
jQuery function call like this,
it's not actually a function call and
it is a variable.
The parent is a variable declaritor so
this thing, then we're going
to get the assigned jQuery L's set that
we created and add the pack to that.
And then we'll return because we
can't do anything with this anyways.
We have to wait until the rest
of the program's been traversed.
Otherwise, if it is, a supported jQuery
function called and we'll continue.
And we'll get the jQuery function,
we'll get the path to replace,
and let's see right.
Right here would be the path to replace,
that was the overall
path that we had before.
And then we'll get element
that is being selected on,
so the thing that we need to
call our raw dom APIs on.
And then we'll handle
support to jQuery function.
So if that jQuery function is addClass,
then we'll update addClass,
otherwise we'll update this way,
with addTemplate stuff.
So, so far most of that's refactor and
storing
a couple of things for
those that are variable assignments.
So once our program is finished reversing,
we'll hit this exit, and
we're gonna get that set that we created,
and
that's gonna be a collection of all
the jQuery el variable declerators.
And we'll turn that set into an array so
we can call forEach on it.
And for each assigned call expression,
we'll get the declerator path.
So here,
what we have in our collection are these.
Let me just expand that just a titch.
So we have a bunch of these dollar Ls'.
So we're gonna get the parent path,
so that'll give us this and
with that declared a path we
can get all the bindings.
So with ESLint, you would just give
context.get declared variables,
you give that a variable declerator and
that would give you all the an object
that had bindings on it with the ESLint.
You take a pass.
And you get the scope from that patch.
And you call get binding and
provide it a name, a variable name.
In our case, that's gonna be myEL.
So it will take the path that
this line of code is in,
whether that is in a bunch of closures or
the root level of the module.
And give us this binding object that has
a bunch of information about how this
variable is used.
And one of those things
is reference paths.
And so the reference path would
be this identifier right here,
the path to that identifier.
So for each one of these reference paths,
we're gonna make sure that it
looks like a call expression,
or that it's part of a member
expression that's a call expression.
So here's our identifier,
that identifier is part of the member
expression that's part
of a call expression.
And if that is the case and it's not
a jquery supported function called,
like this myOtherEl.unsupported function,
then we're gonna return, we'll exit early.
Otherwise, in this case, where it is
a supported jQuery function call, then,
we're gonna get all
the things that we need to
handle that supported jQuery function.
Whether that be hide or show or add class.
And we'll pass in the argument.
So in our case,
this is the assignedCallExpression,
so that is this thing.
And we're gonna get the node for
that and the arguments.
And we'll pop off the first one,
so we're getting el.
We'll pass that in and, in addition to
that, we'll take the reference path, so
that is this thing right here.
Come on, that reference path.
We'll take the parent and
the property is this.
And the name is add class.
And so we pass that in for
the jQuery function.
And then the last piece is
the path to replace and
the path we want to replace is this line.
Well, pretty much all of this stuff
which is kind of interesting.
Yeah, so, actually, this is not quite
finished as far as implementation goes,
cuz I'm fairly certain that when we're
done, we still have, no, we don't.
How do we do that?
That's right, that's right.
So what we wanna replace here
is this call right there.
And then we replace that with the new ROM,
DOM,
API call and
then we remove the declaratory path.
So we remove this guy and that's it.
So, sorry, that would've taken
quite awhile to type all out.
I would encourage you to try and
do this exercise.
It will teach you a lot.